Oh
I don't know they set up is just so good
here staying here in a nice little la
camp and then we got the boats are right
there so you're out there and you're out
there even in five to ten minutes you
can check this well every morning and
hear my canoes it seems to be so much
life in the water every time ago you see
barracudas chasing flying fish and might
email and jump out on fisherman always
catching things and dolphins were
actually writing the bow of the boat so
that was pretty special get really close
to you can almost touch a beautiful
place and the ocean is so blue and the
coral just so alive and just amazing to
come and see it
cool y'all are the views here amazing
it's very mountainous and rugged than a
pre bulky island and trekked up a
mountain and amazing new seals and read
passes it's just amazing some pretty rad
stuff up there too from World War to
since a couple of cannons must free it
we'd live about five brief passes with
our left and right so this is ways from
that intermediate surface concerned as
well as you know beginners you know
that's a little bit software and then if
you want the real deal where the heavy
stuff each you know down if he passes
it's great to you know be on your
backside and I definitely got the best
battles in the life back Sidon not
activities especially fishing is best
fishing I've ever had in the world
places is for life see like go fishin is
move over cash tuna wahoo my head's
selfish like what more can you ask for
none father and the snorkeling was by
the best in the world I think the water
so clear the repast is just big drop
offs and yeah awesome also the
waterfalls are great feature are after
climb out of Maui be so hot when cool
off in Armagh claude claude and fresh
water and just a real magical place to
be